# Allure-Cosmetics-Shop
This was initially supposed to be a movie project but I decided to switch to a cosmetics shop because at the time I couldn't find a database for movies to work with. On this project I used angular(typescript), bootstrap css, pure css and html. Some of the features of the work include adding items to cart, view product description, removing items from cart, deleting cart items, items search based on category, product type and brand which can all be done on the shop page with the help of a select button.
My favorite page which is the home page took me the longest to create because I kept alternating between two designs. It quickly became my favorite because of the array of colors and the amount of images used to create it. The page is supposed to give an idea of what the whole project is about. It has multiple buttons that will take you directly to the shopping area and also a section of the page that allows you view product categories in the category page.
Clicking on the item card in the shop page and category page takes you directly to the product details page which highlights  everything you need to know about the particular product you may be interested in. You can then increase the quantity of items you want to add to cart with the price being updated in real time. Unfortunately the item quantity can not be passed down to cart items because there is no provision for item quantity (property) on the end-point. However, you will find your item on your cart.
You can view all the items that you have added to cart on the shopping cart page. You can also choose to remove an item from the cart which you added or you can clear all cart items. This page allows you to see the total amount of items in the cart and clicking on checkout button displays an success message and clears the cart.
I may have misnamed my services (moviesservice, instead of cosmetics service) because at the time I commenced this project, I  had inteded it to be a movie project. Nonetheles, the movie services folder contains all the end points for my cosmetics shop. I hope you don't get confused as you browse through my code. 
